= TITLE
Charles T. Betz
:doctype:   book
:docinfo:
:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:linkattrs:
:numbered!:

[[digital-value]]
== Digital value


[[what-is-digital-value]]
=== What is digital value?

r0.5

image:1_01c-women.jpg[image]

Consider the following scenario:

A woman is wondering if she can afford to dine out that evening.

We talked about [myInfraLabel] blah de blahx

* She uses her mobile device to access her banking information and
determines that in fact she does have enough money to do so.
* She also uses her mobile device to make a reservation and contact some
friends to join her.
* Finally, she uses social navigation software to avoid heavy traffic,
arriving at the restaurant in time for an enjoyable evening with her
friends.

Information technology pervades this experience. The origins, layers and
complex connections of the distributed systems involved are
awe-inspiring to consider.

IMPORTANT: Don’t worry about the technological terms for now. This is an
introductory text. You may see terms below that are unfamiliar
(Model-View-Controller, IP, packet switching). If you are reading this
online, you can follow the links, but it’s not required. As you progress
in your career, you will always be encountering new terminology. Part of
what you need to learn is when it’s important to dig into it, and when
you can let it pass for a time. You should be able to understand the
gist presented below that these are complex systems based on a wide
variety of technologies, some of them old, some new.

The screen on her cell phone represents information accessed and
presented via a
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller[Model-View-Controller
framework]....

Finally, the navigation software looks much like the reservation system,
as it too is based on the Cloud. However, the system is much more
active, as it is continually processing inputs from millions of drivers
in thousands of cities, and updating traffic maps for those drivers in
real time so that they can choose the most optimal route to their
destinations (e.g., dinner). The capabilities of this system are
comparable to an air traffic control system, and yet it is available as
a free download for our IT user.

[[it-infrastructure]]
IT infrastructure
-----------------

[[myInfraLabel]]
Introduction
~~~~~~~~~~~~

As mentioned in the section introduction, you cannot start developing a
product until you decide what you will build it with. (You may have a
difficult time writing an app for a mobile phone if you choose the COBOL
programming language!) You also need to understand something of how
computers are operated, enough so that you can make decisions on how
your system will run. Most startups choose to run IT services on
infrastructure owned by a Cloud provider, but there are other options.
Certainly, as you scale up, you’ll need to be more and more
sophisticated in your understanding of your underlying IT services.

[cols="<,^,>",]
|=======
|1 |2 |3
|4 |5 |6
|7 |8 |9
|=======
